Update platform support documentation for UEBA packages (#14358)
elastic/integrations: packages/ded/docs/README.md

The Data Exfiltration Detection (DED) package contains assets for detecting data exfiltration in network and file data. Data Exfiltration Detection package currently supports only unidirectional flows and does not yet accommodate bi-directional flows. This package requires a Platinum subscription. Please ensure that you have a Trial or Platinum level subscription installed on your cluster before proceeding. This package is licensed under [Elastic License 2.0](https://www.elastic.co/licensing/elastic-license).

> The package transform supports data from Elastic Endpoint via Elastic Defend. Prior to using this integration, Elastic Defend should be installed through Elastic Agent and collecting data from hosts. See [Configure endpoint protection with Elastic Defend](https://www.elastic.co/docs/solutions/security/configure-elastic-defend) for more information. The transform only supports Linux and Windows. The **Anomaly Detection Jobs** section outlines platform support for each job.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This package leverages event logs on Linux, macOS, and Windows. Prior to using this integration, you must have Elastic Endpoint via Elastic Defend, or have equivalent tools/endpoints set up. If using Elastic Defend, Elastic Defend should be installed through Elastic Agent and is collecting data from hosts. See [Configure endpoint protection with Elastic Defend](https://www.elastic.co/docs/solutions/security/configure-elastic-defend) for more information.
```
